README.md, before:

# aepsdk-analytics-android

[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.adobe.marketing.mobile/analytics.svg?logo=android&logoColor=white&label=analytics)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.adobe.marketing.mobile/analytics)

## About this project

The [`Analytics`](https://developer.adobe.com/client-sdks/documentation/adobe-analytics/) extension represents the Analytics Adobe Experience Platform SDK that is required for sending mobile interaction data from your app to Adobe Analytics.

## Installing the AEP Analytics SDK for Android

The AEP SDK supports Android API 19 (Kitkat) and newer.

Installation via [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) & [Gradle](https://gradle.org/) is the easiest and recommended way to get the AEP SDK into your Android app. In your `build.gradle` file, include the latest version of following dependencies:

```gradle
implementation 'com.adobe.marketing.mobile:core:2.x.x'
implementation 'com.adobe.marketing.mobile:analytics:2.x.x'
```

## Development

**Open the project**

To open and run the project, open the `code/build.gradle` file in Android Studio

**Run test application**

Once you open the project in Android Studio (see above), select the `testapp` runnable and your favorite emulator and run the program.

## Documentation

Additional documentation for usage and SDK architecture can be found under the [Documentation](Documentation) directory.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcomed! Read the [Contributing Guide](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Licensing

This project is licensed under the Apache V2 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Cleanup for 2.0 release (#27)
* some cleanup for 2.0 release

* update release actions

* code format

* remove jitpack build

* address review comments

* correct the Analytics extension version

* address review comments

* address move review comments

README.md, after:

# aepsdk-analytics-android

[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.adobe.marketing.mobile/analytics.svg?logo=android&logoColor=white&label=analytics)](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.adobe.marketing.mobile/analytics)

## About this project

The [`Analytics`](https://developer.adobe.com/client-sdks/documentation/adobe-analytics/) extension represents the Analytics Adobe Experience Platform SDK that is required for sending mobile interaction data from your app to Adobe Analytics.

## Getting Started

Refer to the [getting started guide](./Documentation/getting-started.md) for setting up and using the Analytics SDK with your application.

## Development

**Open the project**

To open and run the project, open the `code/build.gradle` file in Android Studio

**Run test application**

Once you open the project in Android Studio (see above), select the `testapp` runnable and your favorite emulator and run the program.

## Related Projects

| Project                                                         | Description                                                                            |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Core extensions](https://github.com/adobe/aepsdk-core-android) | The Mobile Core represents the foundation of the Adobe Experience Platform mobile SDK. |

## Documentation

Additional documentation for usage and SDK architecture can be found under the [Documentation](Documentation) directory.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcomed! Read the [Contributing Guide](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Licensing

This project is licensed under the Apache V2 License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
